add SKE to glossary (#317)
DFE-Digital/bat-design-history: app/glossary.md

SITS
: SITS:Vision, also known just as SITS, is a database application used for course and student management developed and maintained by the [Tribal Group](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SITS:Vision). This is the most common student record system used by providers.

SKE

> : Subject Knowledge Enhancement courses are offered to enhance a candidates existing knowledge where they may not need a full course. See [GiT's page](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes/subject-knowledge-enhancement-ske-courses) for more details.

Reviewer: ❤️  I’d just avoid using the acronym:

```suggestion
: Subject Knowledge Enhancement courses are offered to enhance a candidates existing knowledge where they may not need a full course. See [Get Into Teaching’s page](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes/subject-knowledge-enhancement-ske-courses) for more details.
```

Author: :100:
